Sparklines are small graphics designed to give you
a quick representation of numerical or statistical information.
Let's take a look at sparklines in the audience overview report.
The audience overview report has sparklines for eight different metrics.
Each sparkline is in the form of a graph without axis.
You can click on a sparkline for
a particular metric to see that metric represented in the time graph.
Let's click on pageviews.
Now, you can see that the metric in the main overtime graph has changed to pageviews,
and you can see that metric graphed over time.
Sparklines can help you look at different metrics and spot trends very quickly.
Another report where you can see sparklines is the multi-channel funnels overview.
Here, you see sparklines for conversions,
click assisted conversions, impression assisted conversions,
and rich media assisted conversions.
Sparklines are also visible in the behavior overview,
goals overview, and e-commerce overview.